add observer.geo.name for maps and machine learning (#171)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/ingest-uptime.asciidoc

* {heartbeat-ref}/heartbeat-reference-yml.html[`heartbeat.reference.yml`]: This 
reference configuration file shows all non-deprecated options. You’ll find it in the same location as `heartbeat.yml`.

> [float]

Reviewer: You can remove this float attribute.

Author: done

> [[configurelocation]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[configure-heartbeat-location]]
```

> === Step 4: Configure the Heartbeat location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Step 4: Configure {beatname_uc} location
```

> Heartbeat can be deployed in multiple locations so that you can detect 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{beatname_uc} can be deployed in multiple locations so that you can detect 
```

differences in availability and response times across those locations.

> Configure the Heartbeat location to allow {kib} to display location-specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the {beatname_uc} location to allow {kib} to display location-specific
```

information on Uptime maps and perform Uptime anomaly detection based
on location.

> To configure the location of a Heartbeat instance, modify the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the location of a {beatname_uc} instance, modify the 
```

`us-east-1a`:

[source,yaml]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
# ============================ Processors ============================

processors:
  - add_observer_metadata:
      # Optional, but recommended geo settings for the location Heartbeat is running in
      geo: <1>
        # Token describing this location
        name: us-east-1a <2>
        # Lat, Lon "
        #location: "37.926868, -78.024902" <3>
----------------------------------------------------------------------
<1> Uncomment the `geo` setting.
<2> Uncomment `name` and assign the name of the location of the Heartbeat server.
<3> Optionally uncomment `location` and assign the latitude and longitude.

[TIP]
=====

To test your configuration file, change to the directory where the {beatname_uc} binary 
is installed, and run {beatname_uc} in the foreground with the following options specified: 
`./heartbeat test config -e`. Make sure your config files are in the path expected by 
{beatname_uc} (see {heartbeat-ref}/directory-layout.html[Directory layout]), or use the 
`-c` flag to specify the path to the config file.
=====

> [float]

Reviewer: You can remove this float attribute.

Author: done
